[Workers] Document Workers route limit (#7989)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/limits.md

{{</Aside>}}

> ## Number of routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Number of routes per zone
```

> Each zone has a limit of 1,000 [routes](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/triggers/routes/). If you require more than 1,000 routes on your zone, consider using [Workers for Platforms](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/) or request an increase to this limit by completing the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).

Author: ```suggestion
Each zone has a limit of 1,000 [routes](/workers/platform/triggers/routes/). If you require more than 1,000 routes on your zone, consider using [Workers for Platforms](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/) or request an increase to this limit by completing the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).
```

> Each zone has a limit of 1,000 [routes](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/triggers/routes/). If you require more than this you may want to consider [Workers for Platforms](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/) or reducing the number of routes required. You may also request an increase by completing the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each zone has a limit of 1,000 [routes](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/triggers/routes/). If you require more than 1,000 routes on your zone, consider using [Workers for Platforms](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/) or request an increase to this limit by completing the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).
```

> Each zone has a limit of 1,000 [routes](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/triggers/routes/). If you require more than this you may want to consider [Workers for Platforms](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/) or reducing the number of routes required. You may also request an increase by completing the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).

Author: ```suggestion
Each zone has a limit of 1,000 [routes](/workers/platform/triggers/routes/). If you require more than this you may want to consider [Workers for Platforms](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/) or reducing the number of routes required. You may also request an increase by completing the [Limit Increase Request Form](https://forms.gle/ukpeZVLWLnKeixDu7).
```
